# Bingo
The game that I implemented is a traditional version of Bingo. The four concepts that I implemented were 2D Arrays, Collections, File I/O, and Testable Components.

I used 2D Arrays to model the BingoCard, which was then used to model the PlayerCard and ComputerCard. A BingoCard consists of BingoSpaces, which have methods to determine if a space has been selected, correctly found, or is part of a winning sequence. Each BingoSpace stores an integer. The BingoCard method, newCard(), randomly assigns an integer to each space based on which column the space is in (for example, B has 1-15, I has 16-30, N has 31-45, etc.). The paint components of the PlayerCard and ComputerCard determine if and what color a square should be filled if it has been selected or is a part of a winning sequence.

I used a LinkedList to store the numbers generated by the random generator in BingoNumbers. I originally planned to use a TreeMap, but I realized that I could only store each letter once. I was then going to use a TreeSet, but I ultimately chose a LinkedList because it allowed easy access to the elements. I had also originally planned on storing the letter with the associated number for each call, but I just included the letter in the paint component based on the range of the number taken from the LinkedList (for example if the number was 17, it would have an I attached in front). 

I used File I/O to save the current status of the PlayerCard and ComputerCard to two different txt files, one called savedComputer and one called savedPlayer. In PlayerCard and ComputerCard, I implemented the save and load methods, which just read from the different files. I used a BufferedWriter to store two pieces of information when the game was saved, the number that was in each BingoSpace, as well as if the space had been selected/colored when the game was saved. To store if a space had been selected, I added a ",S" after the stored number. The free space was stored as "FS". To load the saved game from the files, I used a BufferedReader to first store all of the saved numbers in an ArrayList and then the selected numbers in a LinkedList. I then placed the saved numbers back on each card based on their position in the ArrayList and if a number was also present in the list of selected numbers, then it was recolored. 

Finally, I had testable components to my game (which did not rely on the GUI), such as the various methods of BingoSpace, BingoCard, and BingoNumbers. I tested these methods in GameTest to make sure they worked properly. Some of the tests I included were testing if a bingo card was filled correctly with the numbers in each column within the given range and I also had a few tests checking if a bingo was correctly called. I also tested creating/using methods on a bingo card that was larger than 5x5 to make sure an exception was thrown. 
